[Music]
it looks like a scene from the
past but this is KH yunes in southern
Gaza in
2023 after weeks of intensive Israeli
bombardment and a years long blockade
Palestinians are returning to the old
ways cars have disappeared from the
roads replaced by Dunkey
carts
[Music]
I'm leaving the house to go to the
hospital because I have diabetes and
high blood pressure here are my medical
records there are no cars no fuel no
flour there's nothing to eat or drink we
want to live enough enough is
enough CS aren't just the most common
form of Transport they also provide a
source of income to those who've lost
their farms and businesses and are
desperate to feed their family
I park at the station and Shout out the
names of the stocks our donkey cart
serves like NASA or D I need to provide
for my children I have no other choice
what can I do at least this way I can
pay for the formula and the nappies and
endless other
expenses there is no fuel no gas no
solar power there is absolutely nothing
what can we do we have to
survive
b b the Israeli blockade of Gaza dates
back nearly two decades and with the
current War it has intensified to what
Israel describes as a Complete Siege of
the territory preventing the import of
even the most basic
items bakeries have run out of fuel and
flow the shelves in grocery stores are
empty of produce Farmers have lost their
harvests schools have become temporary
sheltered for hundreds of thousands of
displaced
families and worst of all Israel's
non-stop bombardment of Gaza from north
to south means staying alive from one
day to the next is far from
[Music]
set muhamad Val
Al